Update network plugins page for cni spec v1.0.0 (#33224)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins.md

Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} supports [Container Network Interface](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni)
(CNI) plugins for cluster networking. You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with your cluster and that suits your needs. Different plugins are available (both open- and closed- source) in the wider Kubernetes ecosystem.

You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with the 
[v0.4.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md) or later releases of 
the CNI specification. The current version of CNI is 

> [v1.0.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v1.0.0/SPEC.md) release of the CNI 

Reviewer: This could go stale if a new spec version comes out.

> You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with the 
> [v0.4.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md) or later releases of 
> the CNI specification. The current version of CNI is 
> [v1.0.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v1.0.0/SPEC.md) release of the CNI 

Reviewer: How about this:
```suggestion
You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with the 
[v0.4.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md) or later
releases of  the CNI specification. The Kubernetes project recommends using a plugin that is
compatible with the [v1.0.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v1.0.0/SPEC.md)
CNI specification (plugins can be compatible with multiple spec versions).
```

which avoids the statement that v1.0.0 is current. Any time that we make an assertion about the latest release of an external project, we're adding maintenance for ourselves. I prefer wording that is closer to being [timeless](https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation).

Author: Accepted @sftim's suggestion and squashed commits

(CNI) plugins for cluster networking. You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with your cluster and that suits your needs. Different plugins are available (both open- and closed- source) in the wider Kubernetes ecosystem.

You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with the

> [v1.0.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v1.0.0/SPEC.md) release of the CNI specification.

Reviewer 2: suggest 

```
You must use a CNI plugin that is compatible with the [v0.4.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v0.4.0/SPEC.md) or later releases of the CNI specification. The current version of CNI is [v1.0.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/cni/blob/spec-v1.0.0/SPEC.md) release of the CNI specification.
```

Reviewer 3: is `v1.0.0` still correct, or should it be `v1.1.0` now?

Author: Added this suggestion and squashed commits
